Policy book (#131)
aranya-project/aranya-docs: policy-book/src/reference/types/structs.md

# Structs

> A struct is a collection of named values accessed with the `.` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A struct is a collection of named value fields accessed with the `.` operator.
```
